# 10.2 Natural Language Processing Project 
# Data augmentation strategies for client orientation systems

The context of the project is the ESII client orientation system. **Please form teams of 4/5 students!**

**DEADLINE: Fabruary, 14th 2020 23:59**

## Scenario/Context

A person arrives at an administration building and is greeted by an automated booth. The person says what they're there for and the booth gives them a ticket that directs them to a waiting area. 

In each administration building, people can come for different purposes that are pre-defined in the system of the booth. The client orientation system classifies what the person says (request) to associate it to a purpose. 

To train an supervised client orientation system, we need a lot of training data. Currently we have a dataset with over 1000 requests (transcribed as text) across roughly 20 purposes for one particular administration: the Roanne Town Hall, but ideally we'd like to have a lot more! 

**Your mission will be to generate 10 times as much training data (following the same distribution) from the existing dataset using natural language generation techniques in order to improve the predictive performance on a text classification task.**

## Objectives and Data

You will be given: 

- The dataset (in French)
- A baseline classification system with a functioning evaluation function

You have to create:

- A data augmentation system that takes the dataset and generates a new dataset with additional requests generated following the model of existing requests. 

What techniques you can use (indicative): 

 - Probabilistic Context Free Grammars with pattern to generate text; see <http://www.nltk.org/howto/generate.html> and <https://github.com/tlayton90/pcfg-generator/tree/master/src/pcfggen>
 - Traditional language models (ngrams); see earlier tutorial
 - Deep language models (GPT-2); see earlier tutorial
 - Any other approach of your choice

**DISCLAIMER** The data in the dataset are confidential, DO NOT REDISTRIBUTE. 

## Evaluation

You will have to produce:

- A written report 5-10 pages documenting your approach (10 marks)
  - (1 mark) Group dynamic
  - (2 marks) Methods 
  - (5 marks) Evaluation and Discussion
  - (2 marks) Challenges and Conclusion (including synthesis of difficulties encountered)
- A notebook or python project with your implementation and instructions to reproduce your experiments + generated datasets (10 marks)
  - (2 marks) Code quality 
  - (3 marks) README/Reproductibility 
  - (5 marks) Implementation of methods 


